Add documentation about system-specific details (#92)
ukri-excalibur/excalibur-tests: README.md

> Note that the `-S` option can be used to set from the command line on a per-job
> basis the built-in fields of ReFrame regressions classes, e.g.

Reviewer: Can we put another sub-heading here to make it easier to find? Something like:

```suggestion
### Setting environment variables

The `-S` option can be used to set from the command line on a per-job
basis the built-in fields of ReFrame regressions classes, e.g.
```

different Spack environment by setting the environment variable `EXCALIBUR_SPACK_ENV`
described above.

> ## Contributing new systems or benchmarks and other information
> 
> Feel free to add new benchmark apps or support new systems that are part of the
> ExCALIBUR benchmarking collaboration.  Read
> [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.
> The file [`SYSTEMS.md`](./SYSTEMS.md) contains information about the use of this framework on specific systems.

Reviewer: I think it would make more sense to have this as a subsection under `Usage` since it's closely related. I'd also add a link at the end of "Selecting system and queue access options"

```suggestion
### System-specific flags

While the aim is to automate as much system-specific configuration as possible, there are some options that have to be provided by the user, such as accounting details, and unfortunately the syntax can vary. The file [`SYSTEMS.md`](./SYSTEMS.md) contains information about the use of this framework on specific systems.

## Contributing new systems or benchmarks

Feel free to add new benchmark apps or support new systems that are part of the
ExCALIBUR benchmarking collaboration.  Read [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.
```
